PHP instrumentation improvements (#2552)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/instrumentation/php/logging.md

---

> title: Logging

Reviewer: General question to @svrnm @cartermp @austinlparker et al.: should the title here be **Logs** or **Logging**? (Whatever we choose, we'll probably want to consistently apply across languages.)

Reviewer 2: I think Logging is better than Logs for now. Since it's in the context of _doing logging_ with an SDK.

Reviewer 3: I vote for "Logging"

Reviewer: Thanks for chiming in! That works for me.

weight: 10
---

> 
> ## Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> As logging is a mature and well-established function, the

Reviewer: Not sure that "function" is the right word here.

Author: "process" ?

Reviewer: programming tool? (or just "tool")

Can't think of better word(s), and I don't want this to be blocking. So I'll let you decide, and then mark this as resolved so we can move on.

Reviewer 4: Would not "feature" be right word here?

Reviewer 2: I would vote for "practice", as it reads like a verb to me.

...but that's now introducing a _fifth_ word into the mix 😆

[OpenTelemetry approach](/docs/concepts/signals/logs/) is a little different for
this signal.

The OpenTelemetry logger is not designed to be used directly, but rather to be

> integrated into existing logging libraries as a handler. In this way you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integrated into existing logging libraries as a handler. In this way, you can
```

choose to have some or all of your application logs sent to an
OpenTelemetry-compatible service such as the [collector](/docs/collector/).

## Setup

> Loggers must be obtained from a `LoggerProvider`, and log records must be
> emitted via an `EventLogger`:

Reviewer: In general prefer active voice. E.g., maybe something like this:

```suggestion
You get a logger from a `LoggerProvider`. Log records get emitted via an `EventLogger`:
```
